nrf_rpc: Allow multiple initialization of nRF RPC (#954)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_rpc/CHANGELOG.rst

All the notable changes to this project are documented on this page.

Main branch
***********

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Changes
=======

```
Let's follow the changelog doc structure.

> * Enabled to initialize the nRF RPC more than once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enabled the nRF RPC library to be initialized more than once.
```

Reviewer: Once the final wording is established, we can remove the second redundant sentence.

Author: It is fine to me.

>   Subsequent initialization of an already properly initialized nrfRPC will succeed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Subsequent initialization of an already properly initialized nRF RPC will succeed.
```

Reviewer: Is there anything new in this sentence in comparison to the first one?

All the notable changes to this project are documented on this page.

Main branch
***********

Changes
=======

> * Enabled to initialize the nRF RPC more than once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enabled the nRF RPC library to be initialized more than once.
```
or
```suggestion
* Enabled the :c:func:`nrf_rpc_init` function to be initialized more than once.
```
